c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\obj\Debug\Employee.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Service.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Service.pdb
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Data.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Entities.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.EagerFetching.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Data.pdb
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Entities.pdb
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.xml
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.EagerFetching.xml
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.xml
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\obj\Debug\Employee.Service.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\obj\Debug\Employee.Service.pdb
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Elmah.dll
c:\Users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Elmah.Mvc.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\obj\Debug\Employee.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\obj\Debug\Employee.Service.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\obj\Debug\Employee.Service.pdb
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Service.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Service.pdb
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Elmah.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Elmah.Mvc.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Data.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Entities.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.EagerFetching.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Data.pdb
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Employee.Entities.pdb
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.xml
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.EagerFetching.xml
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.xml
E:\GitHub_Drive\Employee.API\Employee.Service\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
