c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Employee.API.dll.config
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Employee.API.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Employee.API.pdb
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Employee.Data.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Employee.Entities.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Employee.Service.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Remotion.Linq.EagerFetching.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Employee.Data.pdb
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Employee.Entities.pdb
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Employee.Service.pdb
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Remotion.Linq.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Remotion.Linq.EagerFetching.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\obj\Debug\Employee.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\obj\Debug\Employee.API.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\obj\Debug\Employee.API.pdb
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.xml
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.pdb
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Elmah.dll
c:\users\yoges\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Employee.API\Employee.API\bin\Elmah.Mvc.dll
